me
Ah ah ah ah ah ah
teame
Ah ah ah ah
me
Oh, I really want to get along with Oricon 1st place
The took the first place for the first time women's group in the group was Neato indie chart
Are their girls
Ah ah ah ah
Well's train 1 how can I make sure that I'm all in the direction of comfort 0 really fans come here
Like looks less was why firing squad many
I was struck with this kind of modus operandi to try to do also'm what modus operandi But
Isn't it great after all, it's an idol I'm already chiro
I think that the sound is expected to be a little more knowledge and greater a little more Idol loss dressing room
Beautiful
Ah ah ah
I am sorry to enter
I'd like to do some cleaning from behind, but I'm pretty.
Oh
I wonder wearing Kore mask of the rear idle in Naa and I wish
It from Jipperu was in real bad adult I wearing masks
I have a good yoga cat with a TV camera but I will say it
I be fooled by such guys because they come with that really selling come and bad adults
a Wear the mask properly to your heart
Moon
Go this only sell because is absolutely betrayed when you et al. Ochibure should contact
It's got a this is also doing do for any time and now it's where you are struggling most with me
But Nan
I was a little bit more sorry for me then I was a bride with Noh mask
Ah ah ah ah
People are leaving because it became a heavenly fallen Tengu
So does squid hand alignment